README.md, before:

# Webux-server

This module allows to start a NodeJS server using http or https,  
you have to specify an app, a custom logger (if you have one) and some options.

# Installation

```bash
npm i --save webux-server
```

# Usage

This example is using the console from nodeJS with an HTTP server.  

```
const options = {
  ssl: {
    enabled: false,
    key: "", // absolute path
    crt: "" // absolute path
  },
  enterprise: "Studio Webux S.E.N.C",
  author: "Tommy Gingras",
  project: "Webux-bin",
  version: require('./package.json')['version'],
  endpoint: "/api/v1",
  port: 1337
};

const webuxserver = require("../index");
const express = require("express");
const app = express();

app.set('env', "development");
app.set('port', 1337);

app.get("/", (req, res) => {
  return res.success({
    msg: "Bonjour !"
  });
});

webuxserver(options, app); // start the server
```

OUTPUT:  
```bash
Starting an HTTP server ...
Listening on port 1337
Application started with success.
Version : 1.0.0
Author: Tommy Gingras | Studio Webux S.E.N.C
Project : Webux-bin is listening on port 1337...
RESTFUL API accessible from : /api/v1
Mode : development
Working Path : /Users/tgingras/Documents/Studiowebux/webux-server/examples
```

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
SEE LICENSE IN license.txt

Commit message:

changed the HTTPS certificate, you have to use the base64 format instead of files

README.md, after:

# Webux-server

This module allows to start a NodeJS server using http or https,  
you have to specify an app, a custom logger (if you have one) and some options.

you can use either HTTP or HTTPS, but not both simulteanously, if you want to redirect all the HTTP traffic to HTTPS, you should use a proxy.

# Installation

```bash
npm i --save webux-server
```

# Usage

This example is using the console from nodeJS with an HTTP server.  

```
const options = {
  ssl: {
    enabled: false,
    key: process.env.KET || "", // base64 format
    crt: process.env.CERT || "" // base64 format
  },
  enterprise: "Studio Webux S.E.N.C",
  author: "Tommy Gingras",
  project: "Webux-bin",
  version: require('./package.json')['version'],
  endpoint: "/api/v1",
  port: 1337
};

const webuxserver = require("../index");
const express = require("express");
const app = express();

app.set('env', "development");
app.set('port', 1337);

app.get("/", (req, res) => {
  return res.success({
    msg: "Bonjour !"
  });
});

webuxserver(options, app); // start the server
```

OUTPUT:  
```bash
Starting an HTTP server ...
Listening on port 1337
Application started with success.
Version : 1.0.0
Author: Tommy Gingras | Studio Webux S.E.N.C
Project : Webux-bin is listening on port 1337...
RESTFUL API accessible from : /api/v1
Mode : development
Working Path : /Users/tgingras/Documents/Studiowebux/webux-server/examples
```

### Generate a self-signed certificate

```bash
openssl req -new -newkey rsa:4096 -x509 -sha256 -days 365 -nodes -out  cert.crt -keyout key.key
cat key.key | base64
cat cert.crt | base64
```

Copy both outputs of the base64 command:  
```bash
export KEY=...
export CERT=...
```

Check the ```examples/testSSL.js``` file for an example.  

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License
SEE LICENSE IN license.txt
